[MUSIC]
>> Kevin Whinnery: I
mentioned this before but
the NPM scripts have a special
relationship with Elastic Beanstalk
which is gonna be our deployment
environment here this afternoon.
The three NPM scripts that Elastic
Beanstalk cares about is NPM start,
which is going to be the command
that's run to actually start up
the web process that's gonna serve
requests on your EC2 instance.
Prestart, which is the command
to run prior to the start.
And poststart, which as you might imagine,
is the command run after
the start command.
So wherever we have an NPM start
is going to be the way that
Elastic Beanstalk launches
our node process.
In our example, we're just launching our
server process with the node command.
But you might imagine we could do
other things like start it with
a process manager like PM2 or
Nodemon or Forever or
something like that rather
than just using node directly.
So this is the opportunity we have to kind
of configure how our node process is run.